I did BrowserHistory1 in 2 tries. I was able to compete it the second time at around 17 minutes. The first time, I was having issues trying to figure out how to create the links to the corresponding sections. I took an html class back in high school and I was trying to recall something along the lines of a # with the name of what you are trying to refer to (with the href element), but I totally forgot to include the id element. Unfortunately, by the time I realized this, the timer had expired. However, on my second attempt for some reason I kept on forgetting to close the <p> tag so that took me a while to figure out, but I was able to finish it by the second attempt. 

I did BrowserHistory2 in 3 tries. The first time I was getting confused because the index.html would not load the style.css file. I tried reloading and recycling the <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css"> multiple times, but the screen would not change with the formatting. I was stuck at the first step, so I just decided to stop and try tinkering with it for a while. For some reason, if I viewed the file as a local file on my computer it worked, but if I were using http-server it would not load immediately and instead would take a while (I was able to fix this later, but not before I decided to just do BrowserHistory2 and BrowserHistory3). I eventually decided to just use the local file path to build this. For the second try, I had issues with the font. I was putting the font link in the style.css file instead of the index.html file. Unfortunately, again, by the time I realized this, time had already expired. Luckily, this was the only thing that I had left to do, so on my third attempt it only took me around 6 minutes to compete.

I did BrowserHistory3 in 3 tries. The first one was a bit weird. I was able to create the columns, but it was in a way that was not mentioned in the video, but this is what I did. Instead of creating three separate “left” “right” and “middle” div classes, I did something a bit different. I created a div class named this “column” and I gave it the following properties in the css file. I gave it width:33.3% and float:left. I then finished this section, but I also could not figure out how to get rid of the dots in the table of contents section. However, I got desperate and googled the answer and I found out that it was list-style-type:none. I also realized that I needed to add a <ul> along with a navigation id to the table of contents. Unfortunately, because of all these delays, I was not able to finish in time. For the second attempt, I watched the videos beforehand and I wanted to try creating the columns in the way that was mentioned in the video. However, I had extreme difficulties with the columns. I was only able to figure this out after a lot of time spent scratching my head. For some reason, the chrome section must be in the middle. For some reason, if it were not in the middle, the formatting for the 3 columns would not be displayed correctly. It took so long to figure this out that I ran out of time. On third try, I was able to complete this in only 8 minutes because I had already typed this out so many times before. 

My advice is to try looking over the instructions and plan in my head what I will need to do. Doing these WODs, I spent most of my time trying to remember the correct elements.
